JinSoul: This background is...
JinSoul: I realized it after I monitored it
JinSoul: I mean it looks like Hong Kong
inSoul: Hong Kong!!
(This is the insert that was filmed at that time in Hong Kong!)
(Today's theme of LOOΠΔ TV is the journey back in time!)
HeeJin: Look at that!
HeeJin: Then you can find the structure
HeeJin: That is appeared in the music video for Yves' 'new'!
(The last time the girls came here was in midwinter!)
Kim Lip: When we came here the last time, the weather was really cold.
Kim Lip: So we were shivering with cold.
Kim Lip: But it's not winter now, so it's very hot~
(Where is the next place to remind of their memories?)
HeeJin: Look, there is an apartment.
HeeJin: Do you remember the last scene of 'Egoist' that me and Olivia Hye meet?
HeeJin: The scene was filmed at the apartment
(Of course the weather of the day was very cold...)
HeeJin: However, now we're trying to overcome the heat
HeeJin: Em....
HeeJin: Everything became a memory